cool to see Moscow condenses Ave
the
coming
my
to save this coconut
well
Oh Mary I was saying about the of course
she's my Lakshmi and she was the
incarnation of Mahalakshmi of a very
high level
a dagger chuckles very big thing so he
has a region out of the future so she is
Lydia maker college treatment she's
married that's why Christ mother came
was lady because she came out of the
people I don't know if they think about
why she was called Maria for the favor
of I the same way
now this power which came out of the sea
because according to sahaja yoga
she was the incarnation of mana
she the one who sacrificed her son for
the sake of brilliant but unfortunately
nobody understood her value nobody saw
that she was such a great spiritual
personality only through sahaja yoga you
can understand that she was a very great
personality who gave birth
to Christ like when I told people that
Christ's mother was the Holy Spirit
there was not except in a way I said
what did she do she just used to cry
every but the Holy Spirit is supposed to
give the elevation to people she didn't
realize what she was how do you find us
you put your hands to me and ask the
question water washing the Holy Spirit
the man confronts telogen Christ's
mother was herself an incarnation of
that but it was not mentioned in the
Bible because if these Romans or Jews
had known that she is the one they would
have cut her into pieces and attacked
her so it was not said because Christ
had to play this drama of crucifixion
but you can find out after your
realization through your vibratory
awareness that whatever I am saying
about them is absolute truth there is so
much can be said about this mahalakshmi
tattwa we are all blessed so much by
that and so today we remember her great
incarnation as Maria who was very great
because she had to bear terrible pain
within her heart with all her powers
that she had she was a tremendously
powerful lady but despite that she bore
all the tortures of Christ upon her
heart and it was her order and her
desire that Christ has to crucify
himself so that people could be
resurrected and sometimes seniors ask me
what did she do to be Amaya Laxmi what
did she achieved I said with all her
powers to bear it to play the drama it
must be too much
he is an angel as you know according to
Christian I would say according to Bible
that he is the angel called Gabriel now
Gabriel is the one who brought the
message because he is always a missing
to Maria and surprisingly the words he
used we're in my Immaculate asal way
that's my name
my first name is dear mala means
immaculately the answer name is Sal way
he said those words to her
so Maria has to do quite a lot with
hanumana
all her life that means Maria is a
Mahalakshmi Mahalakshmi being the Sita
Sita
Narada hanumana has to be there to serve
the imagine Hanuman I as Gabriel had to
go and tell Maria that there's a child
which is the Incarnation the Savior is
going to be born to you she was a young
virgin to break such a news which was
horrible compared to the conditionings
of those days he did it I have to do
it's all good if that's the order I did
people have started talking against Mary
by saying that there was something wrong
how could a virgin
it's a child because we do not
understand it is God and in the area of
God anything is possible there about all
these things and they can create
anything and in any way when I had to be
born out of a virgin because it was so
pure people may say that they can't
believe in immaculate birth of Christ
they cannot believe in the conception of
Christ I mean it's easy for people to
say we don't believe what do they name
know about God what do they know about
this mysterious ways of doing it can you
say how you convert or transform a
flower into a fruit you don't know
anything about living miracles and you
start doubting the Immaculate Conception
so much so today that they are making a
film showing Mary to be a prostitute and
this is where you have ended up in India
even if you say this they'll beat you
nicely anyone whether Muslim Hindu
Christian how is shocking to hear that
the way they talk about Christ here I
mean to an Indian it gives a shock how
can you talk because once you give up
your chastity you cannot understand that
there can be someone who's absolutely
chaste
for a thief everybody's a thief because
you don't have that respect for your
chastity you cannot imagine what Christ
could have been
you cannot imagine you cannot accept
unbearable things are said about Christ
I tell you unbearable I don't know I I
have faced his crucifixion which was
unbearable and he gave his own color to
Christianity and they really the way he
talked about Christ his mother and all
that was such that nobody can say
definitely that they were divine
personalities
you also didn't like to talk about the
Immaculate Conception which was a fact
and Thomas ran away from there because
he was surprised the way he was trying
to twist everything to his advantage and
he came down to Egypt where he wrote all
his treaties and put them in a jar there
and then he came to India now about 50
years back they have discovered that jar
and found it out is known as the gnostic
knowledge he used to call them
drumsticks no word means knowledge as
you people are Gnostics those who know
say not mentally but you know hit on us
nerve assist in that book
the Mary is telling them about knowledge
but this Paul objects to it when she
says that this is what you have to
achieve when he doesn't want he's
arguing with her but then Thomas said
that what Christ has said on the cross
behold the mother she is the mother of
Christ and how dare you insult but just
the opposite
Paul never respected women so he
appointed I mean he called her as just a
woman no respect for Mahalakshmi no
respect in the Bible
there is the God Almighty as the Father
God and we have the Sun God and the
Trinity the third one is a Holy Ghost
but how can you have father and the son
and no mother
the women are called a second citizen
because they say that she was not on the
table of the twelve apostels who were
having the Last Supper but then how do
you have Paul there who was not sitting
on the supper table also but people
could feel the mother of Christ as a
goddess so they called her as Madonna
and I can't understand those who do not
want her as the goddess go and worship
her as Black Madonna importantly mother
no not in this feast Athena is the
primordial mother in India
she is not Shakti also in England she
was the white goddess but as a woman
reverses Madonna is exiting so they call
named her Madonna and that's how this
mother Mary was called as Madonna his
maiden means virgin and this Madonna was
then started occupied the place of
churches
everywhere and people regarded her as a
as a goddess it is the people who said
not in the Bible not in the Christianity
but the people started calling her
Madonna and from that Madonna level that
people started seeing the mother and the
motherhood
she was Mahalakshmi we know that very
well and we worship her as mothers and
even now the attention of all the people
is on what Christ said or mother made he
has said it and which has gone through
these horrible people to us so to learn
about other deities and other great
incarnations you neutralized
you must try to neutralize these too
much attention by learning about other
dating says Shri Ganesha if you talk
about Shri Ganesh is the essence of
Christ you understand that Ganesha is
the essence of Christ and Christ is the
manifestation of Shri Ganesha as powers
so if you go to the essence most things
that's better so there is no religion to
be given up on the contrary you have to
enlighten the religion and enlighten
others all of you could be sahaja Yogi's
and it would be any because this nothing
like Christ hanging there somewhere and
maybe hanging there there no they are
part and parcel of the whole they are
there you cannot just take them out and
there cannot be many religions there can
be only one religion that's a human
religion which makes you higher
personalities makes you grow so you
don't have to give up anything but
yourself into many things your sir
won't do many things because you'll
understand whatever is Lemmy is living
that's what you will start following we
have in our bears all the prayers Julius
and repairs and all the pairs of other
religions because there are all mantras
they are all the charities and they are
so important for different chocolates so
you see your inner insanity also gets
aware of your own being expressed in
different these great deities they are
within us and they are awakened and you
are surprised so we have now three
principles of Mahalakshmi is the fourth
one is my self
mine is a much cheaper
what
much wider and tremendous patience
it won't work out if I sacrifice anyone
I have to sacrifice myself I have to
sacrifice my family so far I have to
sacrifice my sleep sacrifice comforts
everything possible under the Sun I have
to sacrifice for one reason that you're
my Lakshmi that work should be
manifested it should have its roots in
the same way I bless you with all the
Lakshmi principle of Mahalakshmi
principle but above all the principle of
love the pure love without any
expectations your watch I bless you all
on the suspicious may God bless you have
wisdom and understand that mother has
said it out of her heart out of her love
out of her feelings from God thank you
you